README.md, before:

# 100 days of code - The complete Python Pro Bootcamp for 2021

**Description**: "Master Python by building 100 projects in 100 days. Learn to build websites, games, apps, plus scraping and data science". <br>
**Link**: https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/

## Day 01 - Band name generator project

The program automatically generates the name of a band from the name of a city and a pet.

Day 02 - Tip calculator project: The code automatically calculates the total amount of a bill and divides it equally among the people.

Day 03 - Treasure island Project: The code mimics the famous adventure books in which the person decides the future of the story by choosing which action to take.

Day 04 - Rock, Paper and Scissors Project: A game of rock, paper and scissors against the computer.

Day 05 - Password Generator Project: A software to generate easy or hard passwords.

Day 06 - Escaping the Reeborg's Maze Project: https://reeborg.ca/reeborg.html

Day 07 - Hangman Project: Challenge your vocabulary with this game.

Day 08 - Ceaser Cipher Project: A software to encrypt and decrypt messages according to the Ceaser Cipher.

Dya 09 - Silent Auction Program: The participantes won't know each other's bid until the end of the auction.

Day 10 - Calculator Program: We created a text based calculator.

Day 11 - The BlackJack Capstone Project: A virtual game of BlackJack.

Day 12 - Guess a number Project: Try to guess which number has been chosen by the computer.

Day 13 - Debugging material.

Day 14 - Higher-Lower Game.

Day 15 - Coffee Machine Project.

Commit message:

mathematical operations; number manipulation (rounding) and f strings; primitive data types; type error; type checking and conversion (casting)

README.md, after:

# 100 days of code - The complete Python Pro Bootcamp for 2021

**Description**: "Master Python by building 100 projects in 100 days. Learn to build websites, games, apps, plus scraping and data science". <br>
**Link**: https://www.udemy.com/course/100-days-of-code/

## Day 01 - Band name generator project

The program automatically generates the name of a band from the name of a city and a pet.<br>
**Lessons learned**: printing and declaring variables.

## Day 02 - Tip calculator project

The code automatically calculates the total amount of a bill and divides it equally among the people.<br>
**Lessons learned**: mathematical operations; number manipulation (rounding) and f strings; primitive data types; type error; type checking and conversion (casting).

## Day 03 - Treasure island project

The code mimics the famous adventure books in which the person decides the future of the story by choosing which action to take.

Day 04 - Rock, Paper and Scissors Project: A game of rock, paper and scissors against the computer.

Day 05 - Password Generator Project: A software to generate easy or hard passwords.

Day 06 - Escaping the Reeborg's Maze Project: https://reeborg.ca/reeborg.html

Day 07 - Hangman Project: Challenge your vocabulary with this game.

Day 08 - Ceaser Cipher Project: A software to encrypt and decrypt messages according to the Ceaser Cipher.

Dya 09 - Silent Auction Program: The participantes won't know each other's bid until the end of the auction.

Day 10 - Calculator Program: We created a text based calculator.

Day 11 - The BlackJack Capstone Project: A virtual game of BlackJack.

Day 12 - Guess a number Project: Try to guess which number has been chosen by the computer.

Day 13 - Debugging material.

Day 14 - Higher-Lower Game.

Day 15 - Coffee Machine Project.
